modules.md, before:

# Interesting Modules

This is a curated list of interesting SS3 modules. I'll try my best to keep it up to date. If you have anything to add or change, please do so by submitting a ticket or a pull request.



## Frontend

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Blog](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-blog) | The blog module allows you to post blogs on your SilverStripe. | 
| [Userforms](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-userforms) | UserForms enables CMS users to create dynamic forms via a drag and drop interface and without getting involved in any PHP code. |
| [Forum](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-forum) | Forum module for SilverStripe CMS  |
| Galleries | [Foldergallery module for SS3](https://github.com/cwsoft/silverstripe-cwsoft-foldergallery), Frank Mullenger's [Simple Gallery](https://github.com/frankmullenger/silverstripe-simplegallery), [DisplayAnything3](https://github.com/codem/DisplayAnything3)  |
| [Dataobject as Pages](https://github.com/dospuntocero/DOArticles) | This is a simple module for adding dataobject as pages functionality on silverstripe 3, can be used for news, products or anything you can think of that doesnt need to appear in the sitetree. |
| [Slideshow](https://github.com/dospuntocero/Slideshow) | Slideshow module for ss3 based on jQuery Cycle plugin. |
| [Dashboard](https://github.com/unclecheese/silverstripe-dashboard) | The Dashbaord module provides a splash page for the CMS in SilverStripe 3 with configurable widgets that display relevant information. |
| [Event Calendar](https://github.com/unclecheese/EventCalendar) | |
| [Polls](https://github.com/mateusz/silverstripe-polls) | |
| [iFrame](https://github.com/silverstripe-labs/silverstripe-iframe) | Add an iFrame pagetype to SilverStripe, to show content from another website |
| [Memberprofiles](https://github.com/ajshort/silverstripe-memberprofiles) | A module to allow the creation of registration and profile management pages with custom fields and validation. |
| [News](https://github.com/nyeholt/silverstripe-news) | A basic news article module, including page types and functionality common to a news archive  |


## Third Party Integrations

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Disqus](https://github.com/silverstripesk/silverstripe-disqus) | |




## Backend

### GridField


| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [GridFieldRelationHandler](https://github.com/simonwelsh/silverstripe-GridFieldRelationHandler) | This module provides two GridField components that aid in managing relationships within SilverStripe. |
| [GridFieldBulkEditingTools](https://github.com/colymba/GridFieldBulkEditingTools) | SilverStripe 3 GridField component set to facilitate bulk image upload, bulk record editing, unlinking and deleting. |
| [SortableGridField](https://github.com/UndefinedOffset/SortableGridField) | Adds drag and drop functionality to SilverStripe 3's GridField |
| [Blog-extension](https://github.com/tylerkidd/silverstripe-blog-extension) by Tyler | This "module" just extends the blog module and decorates the BlogEntry and BlogHolder models to allow managing your blog with the GridField instead of pages - even though they're still pages. |
| [GridfieldAjaxRefresh](https://github.com/silverstripe-labs/silverstripe-gridfieldajaxrefresh) | Adds the ability to either automatically or manually refresh a SilverStripe GridField |

### Other

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Newsletter](https://github.com/silverstripe-labs/silverstripe-newsletter) | See also [Newsletter Emogrify](https://packagist.org/packages/silverstripe/newsletter_emogrify), and [Newsletter, view archive](https://packagist.org/packages/silverstripe/newsletter_viewarchive)|


## Core Functionality Extension


| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Widgets](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-widgets) | Previously I've used other branches, but it seems, this one is the current now |
| ShortCodes | Don't forget these. See this [tutorial](http://www.ssbits.com/tutorials/2010/2-4-using-short-codes-to-embed-a-youtube-video/) (for SS 2.4), and this [module](https://github.com/cwsoft/silverstripe-cwsoft-shortcode) (a collection of ShortCodes for SS3). |
| [Sitemap](https://github.com/ajshort/silverstripe-sitemap) | Works with SS3 though the Readme says 2.x |
| [Google Sitemaps](https://github.com/silverstripe-labs/silverstripe-googlesitemaps) | |
| [Versioned Files](https://github.com/ajshort/silverstripe-versionedfiles) | A module to allow for the replacement and version management of asset files |
| REST | [Restfulserver](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-restfulserver) and [Restassured](https://github.com/silverstripe-labs/restassured) |


### Subsites

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Subsites](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-subsites) | The official subsites module |
| [Multisites](https://github.com/sheadawson/silverstripe-multisites) | Allows for multiple websites to be managed through a single site tree, an alternative module to the Subsites module. |


### Multi Language Sites

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Translateable](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-translatable) | |
| [Langbuilder](https://github.com/dospuntocero/langbuilder) | terminal lang builder for silverstripe3 that creates en.yml files|
| [TranslatableDataObject](https://github.com/unclecheese/TranslatableDataObject) | By Uncle Cheese | 



### Custom Fields

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Markdowneditorfield](https://github.com/wolfv/silverstripe-markdowneditorfield) | |
| [HTMLField](https://github.com/timonr/silverstripe-htmlfield-module) (2.x) |  |
| [Bootstrap Forms](https://github.com/unclecheese/silverstripe-bootstrap-forms) | Allows the creation of forms compatible with the Twitter Bootstrap CSS framework in SilverStripe |
| [MultiValueField](https://github.com/nyeholt/silverstripe-multivaluefield) | A fieldtype that makes it possible to store arrays of data (serialised) in the DB. Useful if you have many fields that you don't want to normalise out over many joins |
| [QuickAddNew](https://github.com/sheadawson/silverstripe-quickaddnew) | A decorator for a form field that manages as has_one relation, to allow adding a new object on the fly |
| [TimepickerField](https://github.com/sheadawson/silverstripe-timepickerfield) | A time picker field based on jQuery UI Timepicker |
| [Select2](https://github.com/sheadawson/silverstripe-select2) | Form field based on [select2](http://ivaynberg.github.com/select2/), which is an extension of the Chosen dropdown|
| [Tagfield](https://github.com/chillu/silverstripe-tagfield) | |


### Spam Protection

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Spamprotection](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-spamprotection) | |
| [Recaptcha](https://github.com/chillu/silverstripe-recaptcha) | |




## Extensions

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Addressable](https://github.com/ajshort/silverstripe-addressable) | from AjShort, or Unce Cheese's [Mappable](https://github.com/unclecheese/Mappable) |


## Search

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [FulltextSearch](http://www.silverstripe.org/fulltextsearch-module/) | _Not released yet - there is a description though_ |

## Images

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Retina Images](https://github.com/dospuntocero/RetinaImages) | |


## Feeds
| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Twitter Feed](https://github.com/tylerkidd/silverstripe-twitter-feed) | |
| [Vimeo Service](https://github.com/anselmdk/Silverstripe-Vimeo-Service-module/commits/ss3) | |


## Utilities

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Silverstripe Tools](https://github.com/dimension27/silverstripe-tools) | Misc tools, including `BetterImage`, `FAQPage`, `StyledEmail` and `YoutubeShortCode` |
| [Serverstatus](https://github.com/amoebas/silverstripe-serverstatus) | |
| Emailing | Silverstripe core mailing is a little clunky (see [ticket](http://open.silverstripe.org/ticket/3427)), [SMTP Mailer module](https://github.com/xeraa/silverstripe-smtp), [Mailer](https://github.com/fullscreeninteractive/silverstripe-postmarkmailer) for [Postmark](http://postmarkapp.com), [Testmailer](https://github.com/sunnysideup/silverstripe-testmailer) _(forked by me)_, [Inline Styles Emailing](https://github.com/burnbright/silverstripe-inlinestylesemail) module, [Logging mailer](https://github.com/natmchugh/loggingmailer) _(I might have some improvements for this from the PHH app)_ |
| [Framework Test](https://github.com/silverstripe-labs/silverstripe-frameworktest) | Aids core and module developers in testing their code against a set of sample data and behaviour. |
| [Silverstripe Ipsum](https://github.com/sheadawson/silverstripe-ipsum) | A lorem ipsum text generator built on SilverStripe 3 |

## Ecommerce

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Payment](https://github.com/silverstripe-labs/silverstripe-payment) | |





## Complete Systems (Sites/Webapps)

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [SilverTicket](https://github.com/cam-findlay/silvertripe-silverticket) | |
| [SilverTwit](https://github.com/silverstripe-australia/silvertwit) | An entire project. Probably some good examples on a SS3 web app |
| [DMS](https://github.com/silverstripe-labs/silverstripe-dms) | Document Management System|
| [Silverstripe Express](https://packagist.org/packages/silverstripe/express) | |


## Candidates for SS3 Upgrade

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Genericviews](https://github.com/chillu/silverstripe-genericviews) | Generic frontend

Commit message:

added the zurb foundation starter theme

modules.md, after:

# Interesting Modules

This is a curated list of interesting SS3 modules. I'll try my best to keep it up to date. If you have anything to add or change, please do so by submitting a ticket or a pull request.



## Frontend

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Blog](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-blog) | The blog module allows you to post blogs on your SilverStripe. | 
| [Userforms](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-userforms) | UserForms enables CMS users to create dynamic forms via a drag and drop interface and without getting involved in any PHP code. |
| [Forum](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-forum) | Forum module for SilverStripe CMS  |
| Galleries | [Foldergallery module for SS3](https://github.com/cwsoft/silverstripe-cwsoft-foldergallery), Frank Mullenger's [Simple Gallery](https://github.com/frankmullenger/silverstripe-simplegallery), [DisplayAnything3](https://github.com/codem/DisplayAnything3)  |
| [Dataobject as Pages](https://github.com/dospuntocero/DOArticles) | This is a simple module for adding dataobject as pages functionality on silverstripe 3, can be used for news, products or anything you can think of that doesnt need to appear in the sitetree. |
| [Slideshow](https://github.com/dospuntocero/Slideshow) | Slideshow module for ss3 based on jQuery Cycle plugin. |
| [Dashboard](https://github.com/unclecheese/silverstripe-dashboard) | The Dashbaord module provides a splash page for the CMS in SilverStripe 3 with configurable widgets that display relevant information. |
| [Event Calendar](https://github.com/unclecheese/EventCalendar) | |
| [Polls](https://github.com/mateusz/silverstripe-polls) | |
| [iFrame](https://github.com/silverstripe-labs/silverstripe-iframe) | Add an iFrame pagetype to SilverStripe, to show content from another website |
| [Memberprofiles](https://github.com/ajshort/silverstripe-memberprofiles) | A module to allow the creation of registration and profile management pages with custom fields and validation. |
| [News](https://github.com/nyeholt/silverstripe-news) | A basic news article module, including page types and functionality common to a news archive  |


## Third Party Integrations

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Disqus](https://github.com/silverstripesk/silverstripe-disqus) | |




## Backend

### GridField


| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [GridFieldRelationHandler](https://github.com/simonwelsh/silverstripe-GridFieldRelationHandler) | This module provides two GridField components that aid in managing relationships within SilverStripe. |
| [GridFieldBulkEditingTools](https://github.com/colymba/GridFieldBulkEditingTools) | SilverStripe 3 GridField component set to facilitate bulk image upload, bulk record editing, unlinking and deleting. |
| [SortableGridField](https://github.com/UndefinedOffset/SortableGridField) | Adds drag and drop functionality to SilverStripe 3's GridField |
| [Blog-extension](https://github.com/tylerkidd/silverstripe-blog-extension) by Tyler | This "module" just extends the blog module and decorates the BlogEntry and BlogHolder models to allow managing your blog with the GridField instead of pages - even though they're still pages. |
| [GridfieldAjaxRefresh](https://github.com/silverstripe-labs/silverstripe-gridfieldajaxrefresh) | Adds the ability to either automatically or manually refresh a SilverStripe GridField |

### Other

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Newsletter](https://github.com/silverstripe-labs/silverstripe-newsletter) | See also [Newsletter Emogrify](https://packagist.org/packages/silverstripe/newsletter_emogrify), and [Newsletter, view archive](https://packagist.org/packages/silverstripe/newsletter_viewarchive)|


## Core Functionality Extension


| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Widgets](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-widgets) | Previously I've used other branches, but it seems, this one is the current now |
| ShortCodes | Don't forget these. See this [tutorial](http://www.ssbits.com/tutorials/2010/2-4-using-short-codes-to-embed-a-youtube-video/) (for SS 2.4), and this [module](https://github.com/cwsoft/silverstripe-cwsoft-shortcode) (a collection of ShortCodes for SS3). |
| [Sitemap](https://github.com/ajshort/silverstripe-sitemap) | Works with SS3 though the Readme says 2.x |
| [Google Sitemaps](https://github.com/silverstripe-labs/silverstripe-googlesitemaps) | |
| [Versioned Files](https://github.com/ajshort/silverstripe-versionedfiles) | A module to allow for the replacement and version management of asset files |
| REST | [Restfulserver](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-restfulserver) and [Restassured](https://github.com/silverstripe-labs/restassured) |


### Subsites

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Subsites](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-subsites) | The official subsites module |
| [Multisites](https://github.com/sheadawson/silverstripe-multisites) | Allows for multiple websites to be managed through a single site tree, an alternative module to the Subsites module. |


### Multi Language Sites

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Translateable](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-translatable) | |
| [Langbuilder](https://github.com/dospuntocero/langbuilder) | terminal lang builder for silverstripe3 that creates en.yml files|
| [TranslatableDataObject](https://github.com/unclecheese/TranslatableDataObject) | By Uncle Cheese | 



### Custom Fields

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Markdowneditorfield](https://github.com/wolfv/silverstripe-markdowneditorfield) | |
| [HTMLField](https://github.com/timonr/silverstripe-htmlfield-module) (2.x) |  |
| [Bootstrap Forms](https://github.com/unclecheese/silverstripe-bootstrap-forms) | Allows the creation of forms compatible with the Twitter Bootstrap CSS framework in SilverStripe |
| [Foundation Forms](https://github.com/ryanwachtl/silverstripe-foundation-forms) | SilverStripe 3 Forms Compatible with Zurb Foundation Framework |
| [MultiValueField](https://github.com/nyeholt/silverstripe-multivaluefield) | A fieldtype that makes it possible to store arrays of data (serialised) in the DB. Useful if you have many fields that you don't want to normalise out over many joins |
| [QuickAddNew](https://github.com/sheadawson/silverstripe-quickaddnew) | A decorator for a form field that manages as has_one relation, to allow adding a new object on the fly |
| [TimepickerField](https://github.com/sheadawson/silverstripe-timepickerfield) | A time picker field based on jQuery UI Timepicker |
| [Select2](https://github.com/sheadawson/silverstripe-select2) | Form field based on [select2](http://ivaynberg.github.com/select2/), which is an extension of the Chosen dropdown|
| [Tagfield](https://github.com/chillu/silverstripe-tagfield) | |


### Starter Themes

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Silverstripe Foundation](https://github.com/ryanwachtl/silverstripe-foundation) | A SilverStripe theme based on Foundation by Ryan Wachtl. I imageine this being good together with his [Foundation Forms](https://github.com/ryanwachtl/silverstripe-foundation-forms) module and his [Foundation Blog](https://github.com/ryanwachtl/silverstripe-foundation-blog) templates|



### Spam Protection

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Spamprotection](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-spamprotection) | |
| [Recaptcha](https://github.com/chillu/silverstripe-recaptcha) | |




## Extensions

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Addressable](https://github.com/ajshort/silverstripe-addressable) | from AjShort, or Unce Cheese's [Mappable](https://github.com/unclecheese/Mappable) |


## Search

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [FulltextSearch](http://www.silverstripe.org/fulltextsearch-module/) | _Not released yet - there is a description though_ |

## Images

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Retina Images](https://github.com/dospuntocero/RetinaImages) | |


## Feeds
| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Twitter Feed](https://github.com/tylerkidd/silverstripe-twitter-feed) | |
| [Vimeo Service](https://github.com/anselmdk/Silverstripe-Vimeo-Service-module/commits/ss3) | |


## Utilities

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Silverstripe Tools](https://github.com/dimension27/silverstripe-tools) | Misc tools, including `BetterImage`, `FAQPage`, `StyledEmail` and `YoutubeShortCode` |
| [Serverstatus](https://github.com/amoebas/silverstripe-serverstatus) | |
| Emailing | Silverstripe core mailing is a little clunky (see [ticket](http://open.silverstripe.org/ticket/3427)), [SMTP Mailer module](https://github.com/xeraa/silverstripe-smtp), [Mailer](https://github.com/fullscreeninteractive/silverstripe-postmarkmailer) for [Postmark](http://postmarkapp.com), [Testmailer](https://github.com/sunnysideup/silverstripe-testmailer) _(forked by me)_, [Inline Styles Emailing](https://github.com/burnbright/silverstripe-inlinestylesemail) module, [Logging mailer](https://github.com/natmchugh/loggingmailer) _(I might have some improvements for this from the PHH app)_ |
| [Framework Test](https://github.com/silverstripe-labs/silverstripe-frameworktest) | Aids core and module developers in testing their code against a set of sample data and behaviour. |
| [Silverstripe Ipsum](https://github.com/sheadawson/silverstripe-ipsum) | A lorem ipsum text generator built on SilverStripe 3 |

## Ecommerce

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Payment](https://github.com/silverstripe-labs/silverstripe-payment) | |





## Complete Systems (Sites/Webapps)

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [SilverTicket](https://github.com/cam-findlay/silvertripe-silverticket) | |
| [SilverTwit](https://github.com/silverstripe-australia/silvertwit) | An entire project. Probably some good examples on a SS3 web app |
| [DMS](https://github.com/silverstripe-labs/silverstripe-dms) | Document Management System|
| [Silverstripe Express](https://packagist.org/packages/silverstripe/express) | |


## Candidates for SS3 Upgrade

| Module | Notes |
|:---|:---|
| [Genericviews](https://github.com/chillu/silverstripe-genericviews) | Generic frontend
